WinIcons
========

This is a unified collection of Windows Icons I've created for various
programs and projects, mainly as a way to put my artwork up on
display.

Yeah, I know, nowadays in the year 2020 nobody uses Windows icons
anymore and you will have quite the trouble being able to leisurely
browse through the contents in your browser.  Windows icons are not
but one image, but a collection of images.  You must use the
`ico-tool` program to extract the collection of images and convert
them to PNG images, which are then natively viewable in a modern web
browser.

Why?
====

"I'm looking for a hi-res version."  "There isn't a high-res version,
it's pixel art."

The thing that computer moderners don't understand is "What's so
special about icons?"  In the late 1980s and 1990s days of computers,
file manager display graphics were relatively limited.  Most files you
created on the computer had only but a single, schematic, standard
icon, and that was an icon to represent the file format itself, and
the application that created the file.  Within the graphical file
manager, basically your only means of customizing the display of your
files was to customize the name of the file.  But, if you wrote your
own application, you had the power to design your own icons to place
on the desktop, and that was a really large power statement...  "Hey,
look at me, I have a home in the computer as a first-class citizen."
At least that _was_ the case, at the time.

Now that thumbnail displays are mainstream in file managers, there
isn't really anything special anymore about icon design.  "Well, I can
just take a photo, and it will show up just like one of your silly
icons, right?"  Yes, that is absolutely correct.  But back then, only
super-duper special software could display thumbnail icons like that.
The cheap commodity software you've found installed on your Windows
95/98 computer couldn't and wouldn't do that.

Also, display resolutions and color depths have advanced dramatically.
Whereas early generation computer icon graphics had to be authored as
pixel art, nowadays it's much easier to author icons using any
graphics software you please.  Nevertheless, some graphics design
aspects such as limiting the amount of detail in a single icon are
still evident, and that's a skill that needs to be developed in its
own right.  It's so easy to draw a full scene graphic picture, but
drawing only a single icon object?  That takes discipline.
